docs: add upgrade issue from v1.4 to v1.5 (#780)
harvester/docs: versioned_docs/version-v1.5/upgrade/troubleshooting.md

If you encounter the error message `Node xxx will reach xx.xx% storage space after loading new images. It's higher than kubelet image garbage collection threshold 85%.`, run `crictl rmi --prune` to clean up unused images before starting a new upgrade.

![Disk space not enough error message](/img/v1.4/upgrade/disk-space-not-enough-error-message.png)

> ### How to check current upgrade status in the cluster
> 
> If you find that upgrade gets stuck for a while without showing any error messages on GUI, please check it with following instructions in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Check the Status of a Stuck Upgrade

If the upgrade becomes stuck and the Harvester UI does not display any error messages, perform the following steps:
```

> Since Harvester uses `managedChart` to deploy resources and runs shell scripts to patch latest version to `managedChart`, so we need to check the status of scripts and `managedChart`.
> 
> When Harvester upgrades, Harvester creates a lot of PODs. Please check those PODs by running `kubectl get pods -n harvester-system | grep upgrade`.
> 
> The main script is in the `hvst-upgrade-xxxxx-apply-manifests-xxxxx` POD. If the logs keep showing following messages, that means Harvester's `managedChart` might have some issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check the status of the `managedChart` CR and shell scripts.

  Harvester uses `managedChart` to deploy resources and runs shell scripts to patch the latest version of that CR.

1. Check the pods that were created during the upgrade process using the command `kubectl get pods -n harvester-system | grep upgrade`.

  The main script is in the `hvst-upgrade-xxxxx-apply-manifests-xxxxx` pod. If the log records include the following messages, the `managedChart` CR might be causing issues.
```

Author: I will delete this one:

```
1. Check the status of the `managedChart` CR and shell scripts.
  Harvester uses `managedChart` to deploy resources and runs shell scripts to patch the latest version of that CR.
```

it seems it's not necessary

```
Current version: x.x.x, Current state: WaitApplied, Current generation: x
Sleep for 5 seconds to retry
```

> Harvester uses `managedChart` to deploy resources, it'll create another resources called `bundle`. In order to quickly get all the information of `bundle`, please run `kubectl get bundles -A`. The folloing output is an example. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Retrieve information about the `bundle` CR using the command `kubectl get bundles -A`.

  Example:
```

Reviewer: What should the user do with this information?

Author: To debug when they get stuck during upgrades.

```
NAMESPACE     NAME                                          BUNDLEDEPLOYMENTS-READY   STATUS
fleet-local   fleet-agent-local                             1/1
fleet-local   local-managed-system-agent                    1/1
fleet-local   mcc-harvester                                 0/1                       Modified(1) [Cluster fleet-local/local]; kubevirt.kubevirt.io harvester-system/kubevirt modified {"spec":{"configuration":{"vmStateStorageClass":"vmstate-persistence"}}}
fleet-local   mcc-harvester-crd                             1/1
fleet-local   mcc-local-managed-system-upgrade-controller   1/1
fleet-local   mcc-rancher-logging-crd                       1/1
fleet-local   mcc-rancher-monitoring-crd                    1/1

> ```

Author: Besides this document, I'm thinking that GUI could also display the error messages of  bundle or managedChart when they have errors, like this. Currently, it shows the message from `Upgrade` CR. If it's okay, we can open another ticket for this.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b14e0f43-16d7-4fa4-bbf5-d8d1283f54e9)
